2021 August Console-Docs pass (#214)
MicrosoftDocs/Console-Docs: docs/console-screen-buffers.md

`FOREGROUND_BLUE | FOREGROUND_GREEN | FOREGROUND_INTENSITY | BACKGROUND_BLUE`

> If no background constant is specified, the background is black, and if no foreground constant is specified, the text is black. For example, the following combination produces black text on a white background, because the foreground flags are unspecified while `RED | GREEN | BLUE` for the background create a white color.

Reviewer: This made it *more* confusing o_O

Author: OK trying again.

> If no background constant is specified, the background is black, and if no foreground constant is specified, the text is black. For example, the following combination produces black text on a white background because the foreground flags are unspecified (and thus zero for black) while `RED | GREEN | BLUE` for the foreground makes white.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If no background constant is specified, the background is black, and if no foreground constant is specified, the text is black. For example, the following combination produces black text on a white background, because the foreground flags are unspecified while `RED | GREEN | BLUE` for the background create a white color.
```
